README.md, before:

# React game

## Description

Rock paper scissors (also known by other orderings of the three items, with "rock" sometimes being called "stone", or as roshambo or ro-sham-bo) is a hand game usually played between two people, in which each player simultaneously forms one of three shapes with an outstretched hand. These shapes are "rock" (a closed fist), "paper" (a flat hand), and "scissors" (a fist with the index finger and middle finger extended, forming a V). "Scissors" is identical to the two-fingered V sign (also indicating "victory" or "peace") except that it is pointed horizontally instead of being held upright in the air.

## Prepare and run
1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
3. Clone my react-game repo: https://github.com/magerrrr/react-game
4. Go to folder `react-game`
5. To install all dependencies use [`npm install`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/install)
6. Run npm test in command line
7. Open browser and go to http://localhost:1234

credits [@magerrrr](https://github.com/magerrrr/)

Commit message:

docs: update readme with link to demo

README.md, after:

# React game
You can open this link to see deployed [DEMO](https://react-game-magerrrr.vercel.app/).

## Description

Rock paper scissors (also known by other orderings of the three items, with "rock" sometimes being called "stone", or as roshambo or ro-sham-bo) is a hand game usually played between two people, in which each player simultaneously forms one of three shapes with an outstretched hand. These shapes are "rock" (a closed fist), "paper" (a flat hand), and "scissors" (a fist with the index finger and middle finger extended, forming a V). "Scissors" is identical to the two-fingered V sign (also indicating "victory" or "peace") except that it is pointed horizontally instead of being held upright in the air.

## Prepare and run
1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
3. Clone my react-game repo: https://github.com/magerrrr/react-game
4. Go to folder `react-game`
5. To install all dependencies use [`npm install`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/install)
6. Run npm test in command line
7. Open browser and go to http://localhost:1234

credits [@magerrrr](https://github.com/magerrrr/)
